README.md, before:

#  your_name_here - Portfolio Task
​
[My portfolio site](link_to_your_site)
​
## Project Requirements

### Content
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below. What aesthetic and technical choices did you make? 
- [ ] At least one profile picture
- [ ] Biography (at least 100 words)
- [ ] Functional Contact Form
- [ ] "Projects" section
- [ ] Links to external sites, e.g. GitHub and LinkedIn.
​
### Technical
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below. What strategies or design decisions did you work from? 
- [ ] At least 2 web pages.
- [ ] Version controlled with Git
- [ ] Deployed on GitHub pages.
- [ ] Implements responsive design principles.
- [ ] Uses semantic HTML.

### Bonus (optional)
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below, if you included any. 
- [ ] Different styles for active, hover and focus states.
- [ ] Include JavaScript to add some dynamic elements to your site. (Extra tricky!)
​
### Screenshots
> Please include the following:
> - The different pages and features of your website on mobile, tablet and desktop screen sizes (multiple screenshots per page and screen size).
> - The different features of your site, e.g. if you have hover states, take a screenshot that shows that.  
> 
> You can do this by saving the images in a folder in your repo, and including them in your readme document with the following Markdown code: 

####  image_title_goes_here 
![Put a description of your image here](./relative_path_to_file)

Commit message:

First deploment of contact us page

README.md, after:

#  your_name_here - Portfolio Task
​
[My portfolio site](link_to_your_site)
​
## Project Requirements

### Content
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below. What aesthetic and technical choices did you make? 
- [ This has been included and named as /img/Kate-hat.jpg ] At least one profile picture
- [ Located for your viewing on the /home.html ] Biography (at least 100 words)
- [ Located on the /contact.html page and fully functional ] Functional Contact Form
- [ Projects section included, but the build is not done yet. ] "Projects" section
- [ External links to LinkedIn added currently ] Links to external sites, e.g. GitHub and LinkedIn.
​
### Technical
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below. What strategies or design decisions did you work from? 
- [ There are 3 pages, but the completed ones are /home.html and /contact.html - /project.html is a work in progress ] At least 2 web pages.
- [ Included version control by using the git commit -m " " command ] Version controlled with Git
- [ https://github.com/khoeff93/khoeff93.github.io ] Deployed on GitHub pages.
- [ There are multiple responsive elements using the "flex" display command ] Implements responsive design principles.
- [ Html structures have been utilised across the site ] Uses semantic HTML.

### Bonus (optional)
 Add a short paragraph describing the features below, if you included any. 
- [ Active and hove states have been included on the buttons ] Different styles for active, hover and focus states.
- [ ] Include JavaScript to add some dynamic elements to your site. (Extra tricky!)
​
### Screenshots
> Please include the following:
> - The different pages and features of your website on mobile, tablet and desktop screen sizes (multiple screenshots per page and screen size).
> - The different features of your site, e.g. if you have hover states, take a screenshot that shows that.  
> [ Active and hover state images included - I was unable to include the click state - but this is on the contact form. ]

> You can do this by saving the images in a folder in your repo, and including them in your readme document with the following Markdown code: 

####  image_title_goes_here 
[Active state] showing the active button colour change on the menu bar (./img/active-state.png)
[Hover-state] showing the hover state on the menu bar (.img/hover-state.png)
[Wireframes] showign the initial design of the website (.img/wireframe-homepage.png / .img/wireframe-project.png / .img/wireframe-contact.png)
[Images used for the site] Linkedin and Hamburger icon - (.img/linkedin.svg / img.hamburger.svg)
[Profile image] used as an image for myself (.img/Kate-hat.jpg)
